Add Bitcoin Core Dev Tech Feb 2025 meeting notes (#583)
bitcointranscripts/bitcointranscripts: bitcoin-core-dev-tech/2025-02/asmap.md

---
title: PR Review Club
tags: ['bitcoin-core', 'asmap']
date: 2025-02-28
media: https://gist.github.com/fjahr/1cc55d7a5a2f9cf2ac09978ceea2ee5f
---

Scribe 1:

PR 23792: is the only PR that's left for ASMAP (needs cmake changes first) -
hope to get this into v30.0

How does ASMAP ends up in a Asmap file?

- Kartograph tool, based on rpki-client-nix ()
- use tool from bitcoin Core encode and compress it
- multiple people will run the Kartograph tool

How often should you refresh it?

- using an old one should be better than /16
- but using a fresh asmap is better
- quality drops off slowly, probably five years or so. A years one is fine
- if we ship one in Core, it should be fine while the version is supported
- /16 is slighly better than random
- there is a healthcheck in the debug logs

> in the asmap-data repo we do a collarborative lauch multiple people join in does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the asmap-data repo we do a collaborative launch multiple people join in does
```
